feat: add http runner + let claude rewrite some bits (#22)
rdf-connect/orchestrator-js: README.md

```

## Supported Instantiators

> Currently the orchestrator can communicate with two runners, a local one that is started by the orchestrator with a cli command, and a remote runner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, the orchestrator can communicate with two types of runners, local ones that are started by the orchestrator using a CLI command, and remote runners for which a server is assumed to be online upon pipeline execution. 
```

### Command Runner

> The command runner is instantiated by the orchestrator with a specific CLI command, appended with the gRPC endpoint and runner identifier concatenated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The command runner is instantiated by the orchestrator with a specific CLI command, appended with the gRPC endpoint and runner identifier.
```

> The runner should, when it is started, connect with the provided endpoint and follow the RDF-Connect protocol.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The runner must, when it is started, connect with the provided endpoint and follow the RDF-Connect protocol.
```
according to the [specification](https://rdf-connect.github.io/specification/#runner①)
> Each runner MUST connect with the orchestrator’s Protobuf server and follow the RDF-Connect protocol.

```turtle
@prefix rdfc: <https://w3id.org/rdf-connect#>.
@prefix sh: <http://www.w3.org/ns/shacl#>.

# Configuration example
rdfc:NodeRunner a rdfc:Runner;
    # The Node runner supports JavaScript processors
  rdfc:handlesSubjectsOf rdfc:jsImplementationOf;
    # Start the Node runner with the following command
  rdfc:command "npx js-runner" .

[ ] a sh:NodeShape;
  sh:targetSubjectsOf rdfc:jsImplementationOf;

>   # Remainded of a shape definition that the processors should adhere to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # Remainder of the shape definition to which the processors should adhere
```

  .
```

### Remote Runner

The remote runner is a server which accepts HTTP calls.
Such a call indicates a new pipeline, the server then connects with the orchestrator with the provided endpoint URL.

> The POST'ed JSON contains the endpoint URL and the runner identifier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The remote runner is a server that accepts HTTP calls.
When a new pipeline is indicated by such a call, the server connects with the orchestrator using the provided endpoint URL.
The POSTed JSON contains the endpoint URL and the runner identifier.
```

```typescript
{
    host: string,
    uri: string,
}

> ```

Reviewer: I assume this is the expected POST body, but let's make that explicit. Idem for the other examples.

Example configuration
```turtle
@prefix rdfc: <https://w3id.org/rdf-connect#>.

# Configuration example

> <runner> a rdfc:HttpRunner;

Reviewer: Shouldn't this name have an indication of the language it handles, given that it limits the processors with the `rdfc:handlesSubjectsOf` statement.

Author: we can go to jsRunner as this is generated by the js-runner-server

    # The Node runner supports JavaScript processors
  rdfc:handlesSubjectsOf rdfc:jsImplementationOf;
    # Start the Node runner by posting to this endpoint
  rdfc:endpoint <./connect>.
```

> This enables the user to configure the pipeline just like a normal pipeline.

Reviewer: > This

What exactly?

> the pipeline just like a normal pipeline

I see what you are trying to say here, but that's not exactly the case, right?
Maybe we should rephrase this sentence to be more self descriptive.

The runner must, when it is started, connect with the provided endpoint and follow the RDF-Connect protocol.

```turtle
@prefix rdfc: <https://w3id.org/rdf-connect#>.
@prefix sh: <http://www.w3.org/ns/shacl#>.

# Configuration example
rdfc:NodeRunner a rdfc:CommandRunner;
    # The Node runner supports JavaScript processors
  rdfc:handlesSubjectsOf rdfc:jsImplementationOf;
    # Start the Node runner with the following command
  rdfc:command "npx js-runner" .

[ ] a sh:NodeShape;
  sh:targetSubjectsOf rdfc:jsImplementationOf;
  # Remainder of the shape definition to which the processors should adhere
  .
```

### Remote Runner

The remote runner is a server that is assumed to already be online when the pipeline runs.
Instead of starting a process, the orchestrator opens a plain TCP connection to the runner's configured `rdfc:grpc` address, writes the runner URI (terminated by a newline) so the runner knows which pipeline the connection is for, and then hands that socket to its own gRPC server.
The runner reverse-upgrades the same TCP socket into a gRPC channel back to the orchestrator, after which the pipeline proceeds over the RDF-Connect protocol just like a local runner.

> Example configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example configuration of a runner server:
```

```turtle
@prefix rdfc: <https://w3id.org/rdf-connect#>.

# Configuration example
<jsRunner> a rdfc:TcpRunner;
  # The JS runner supports JavaScript processors
  rdfc:handlesSubjectsOf rdfc:jsImplementationOf;
  # TCP address (host:port) of the remote runner that the orchestrator connects to
  rdfc:grpc "localhost:4001".
```

> The runner server, enables the user to configure the pipeline just like a normal pipeline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The runner server enables the user to configure the pipeline just like a normal pipeline.
An example pipeline configuration using a runner server is given below:
```

    # Start the Node runner with the following command
  rdfc:command "npx js-runner" .

[ ] a sh:NodeShape;
  sh:targetSubjectsOf rdfc:jsImplementationOf;
  # Remainder of the shape definition to which the processors should adhere
  .
```

### Remote Runner

The remote runner is a server that is assumed to already be online when the pipeline runs.
Instead of starting a process, the orchestrator opens a plain TCP connection to the runner's configured `rdfc:grpc` address, writes the runner URI (terminated by a newline) so the runner knows which pipeline the connection is for, and then hands that socket to its own gRPC server.
The runner reverse-upgrades the same TCP socket into a gRPC channel back to the orchestrator, after which the pipeline proceeds over the RDF-Connect protocol just like a local runner.

Example configuration of a remote runner definition.

```turtle
@prefix rdfc: <https://w3id.org/rdf-connect#>.

# Configuration example
<jsRunner> a rdfc:TcpRunner;
  # The JS runner supports JavaScript processors
  rdfc:handlesSubjectsOf rdfc:jsImplementationOf;
  # TCP address (host:port) of the remote runner that the orchestrator connects to
  rdfc:grpc "localhost:4001".
```

> This is can be used when the runner exposes an HTTP endpoint (in this example `localhost:3000`) with this configuration and the processor definitions at `http://localhost:3000/processors.ttl`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This can be used when the runner exposes an HTTP endpoint (in this example `localhost:3000`) with this configuration and the processor definitions at `http://localhost:3000/processors.ttl`.
```
